[Music]
woe to you who are at ease in Zion and
Trust in Mount Samaria notable persons
in the chief nation to whom the house of
Israel comes go over the counter and see
and from there go to Hema the great then
go down to Gath of the Philistines are
you better than these kingdoms or is
their territory greater than your
territory woe to you who put far-off the
day of doom who caused the seat of
violence to come near who lie on beds of
ivory stretch out on your couches eat
lands from the flock and calves from the
midst of the storm who's seen idly to
the sound of streamed instruments and
invent for yourselves musical
instruments like David will drink wine
from bowls and anoint yourselves with
the best pointment
but are not grieved for the affliction
of Joseph therefore they shall now go
captive as the first of the captives and
those who recline at banquets shall be
removed the Lord God has sworn by
himself the Lord God of hosts says I
abhorred the pride of Jacob and hate his
palaces therefore I will deliver up the
city and all that is in it then it shall
come to pass that a ten men remain in
one house they shall die and when a
relative of the dead with one who will
burn the bodies picks up the bodies to
take them out of the house he will say
to one inside the house are there any
more with you then someone will say none
and he will say hold your tongue for we
dare not mention the name of the
for behold the Lord gives a command he
will break the great house into bits and
the little house into pieces do horses
run on rocks there's one while there
with oxen yet you have turned justice
into God and the fruit of righteousness
into wormwood you who rejoice over lo
debar who say have we not taken Canaan
for ourselves by our own strength but
behold I will raise up a nation against
you o house of Israel says the Lord God
of hosts and they will afflict you from
the entrance of a mass to the valley of
the Arab ah